Astro 11/1 release notes (#1412)
astronomer/docs: astro/release-notes.md

**Latest CLI Version**: 1.6.0 ([Release notes](cli/release-notes.md))

## November 1, 2022 

### Introducing the Astro Cloud IDE, a new Airflow development experience

Astronomer is excited to introduce the Astro Cloud IDE, which is a notebook-inspired development environment for writing, running, and deploying data pipelines. Now you can develop an entire Airflow project, including DAGs, dependencies, and connections entirely within the Cloud UI.

![Example page in the Astro Cloud IDE](/img/release-notes/ide-overview.png)

The Astro Cloud IDE was created with the following objectives:

> - Configuring Airflow shouldn't be a barrier to running Airflow

Author: ```suggestion
- Configuring Airflow shouldn't be a barrier to running Airflow.
```

- Passing data between tasks should be seamless regardless of what language is used to write the task.

> - Data pipelines should be quick to deploy and easy to test with CI/CD.

Reviewer: nit: we have no `.` at the end of first bullet point but we do for the other 2

> Primarily, the Astro Cloud IDE was developed to make it easier for new Airflow users to get started and to provide experienced users with a robust development environment.

Author: ```suggestion
Most importantly, the Astro Cloud IDE was developed to make it easier for new Airflow users to get started and to provide experienced users with a robust development environment.
```

To create your first project in the Astro Cloud IDE, see the [Cloud IDE quickstart](cloud-ide/quickstart.md). To deploy your project to Astro, see [Deploy your Cloud IDE project to Astro](cloud-ide/deploy-project.md).

:::info

<!-- id to make it easier to remove: cloud-ide-preview-banner -->

The Astro Cloud IDE is currently in _Public Preview_ and it is available to all Astro customers. It is still in development and features and functionality are subject to change. If you have feedback on the Cloud IDE you'd like to share, you can submit it on the [Astro Cloud IDE product portal](https://portal.productboard.com/75k8qmuqjacnrrnef446fggj).

> 

Author: ```suggestion
```

**Latest CLI Version**: 1.6.0 ([Release notes](cli/release-notes.md))

## November 1, 2022 

### Introducing the Astro Cloud IDE, a new Airflow development experience

Astronomer is excited to introduce the Astro Cloud IDE, which is a notebook-inspired development environment for writing, running, and deploying data pipelines. Now you can develop an entire Airflow project, including DAGs, dependencies, and connections entirely within the Cloud UI.

![Example page in the Astro Cloud IDE](/img/release-notes/ide-overview.png)

> The Astro Cloud IDE was built with a few principles in mind:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Astro Cloud IDE was built with the following principles:
```

- Configuring Airflow shouldn't be a barrier to running Airflow
- Passing data between tasks should be seamless regardless of what language a task is written in

> - Data pipelines should be quickly deployable and testable using CI/CD

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Data pipelines should be quick to deploy and easy to test with CI/CD
```

> Above all else, the Cloud IDE was developed to materially lower the barrier to entry for new Airflow users and improves the development experience of experienced users.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Primarily, the Astro Cloud IDE was developed to make it easier for new Airflow users to get started and to provide experienced users with a robust development environment.
```

> To create your first project in the Cloud IDE, see the [Cloud IDE quickstart](cloud-ide/quickstart.md). To deploy your project to Astro, see [Deploy your Cloud IDE project to Astro](cloud-ide/deploy-project.md).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To create your first project in the Astro Cloud IDE, see the [Cloud IDE quickstart](cloud-ide/quickstart.md). To deploy your project to Astro, see [Deploy your Cloud IDE project to Astro](cloud-ide/deploy-project.md).
```

:::info

<!-- id to make it easier to remove: cloud-ide-preview-banner -->

> The Cloud IDE is currently in _Public Preview_. This means that it is available to all Astro customers, but is still undergoing heavy development and features are subject to change. Creating projects in the Cloud IDE does not impact running tasks on existing Deployments. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Astro Cloud IDE is currently in _Public Preview_ and it is available to all Astro customers. It is still in development and features and functionality are subject to change. Creating projects in the Cloud IDE does not affect running tasks on existing Deployments. If you have feedback on the Cloud IDE you'd like to share, you can submit it on the [Astro Cloud IDE product portal](https://portal.productboard.com/75k8qmuqjacnrrnef446fggj).
```

> If you have any feedback, please submit it to the [Astro Cloud IDE product portal](https://portal.productboard.com/75k8qmuqjacnrrnef446fggj).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you have any feedback, please submit it to the [Astro Cloud IDE product portal](https://portal.productboard.com/75k8qmuqjacnrrnef446fggj).
```

Remove

> If you have any feedback, please submit it to the [Astro Cloud IDE product portal](https://portal.productboard.com/75k8qmuqjacnrrnef446fggj).

Author: ```suggestion
```

:::

### Write to temporary storage on AWS clusters

> AWS clusters that use `m5d` and `m6id` worker types can now run tasks which require writing data to local storage. These worker types now have NVMe SSD volume mounts that can be used for simple operations, such as a disk-based merge sort or checkpointing to prevent crashes. To use these worker types on your cluster, see [Modify a cluster](modify-cluster.md) and [Configure worker queues](configure-worker-queues.md).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
AWS clusters that use `m5d` and `m6id` worker types can now run tasks that require writing data to local storage. These worker types now have NVMe SSD volume mounts that can be used for simple operations, such as a disk-based merge sort or checkpointing to prevent crashes. To use these worker types on your cluster, see [Modify a cluster](modify-cluster.md) and [Configure worker queues](configure-worker-queues.md).
```
